Update README (#1318)
zonemaster/zonemaster: README.md

## Documentation

The public documentation for latest and past releases can be found on the [document site].
There you can find, e.g:
* User guides
* Installation instructions
* Configuration instructions
* Upgrading instructions
* Test case specifications

> If you look for the documentation related to the ongoing development work or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for the documentation related to the ongoing development work or
```
